## Typus Lean Canvas Model
In order to help condense our ideas and goals into one place, we have taken advantage of the lean canvas model, which has been documented on their [website](https://www.leancanvas.com/). We have used a variation of the lean canvas model to this end and complied our plan here in the [Google Sheet Lean Canvas Business Plan](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R997Jq1Qm0ydhKRStoI50VBnLdWLrP8F3n-R83TFQRA/edit#slide=id.g28fcf514030_0_93).

## The Approach to Typus
As a group, we wanted to create a fun free to play educational product that can also be competitive with friends or family. The problem we face is that there isn't an outlet where people can prove that they're the best in being the fastest typer. While developing our application, we plan to track WPM and Accuracy while the player is typing in order to show the difference between you and the opposing player. There will also be daily leaderboards at some point possibly in order to see how you face against other players around the world. Other metrics that will be measured are the amount of daily new users and the average active users that uses our product.

Typus will provide a fun and simple challenge that will keep users addicted. Our uniqueness which will be shown through Typus as it is different since most typing games are on the computer. Our application will solely be mobile based and created in Thunkable.


## Persona Grids
Persona Name | Demographics | Pain Points | Solutions
-|-|-|-
Young Teens | <ul><li>Ages: 12 - 17</li> <li>Short Attention Span</li><li>Elementary/Middle/High School Students</li></ul> | <ul><li>High Prices</li> <li>Lack Of Convenience</li> <li>Young Teens are usually on their phones the most considering the age we live in</ul></li> | <ul><li>Make the game accessible by making it free for everyone</li> <li>Prioritize user’s convenience by making it simple</li><li>Possibly make our product an educational app to help the young teens learn and improve their ability to focus on a task for longer periods of time.</ul></li>
Young Adults |<ul><li>Ages: 18-30 </li> <li>College, workforce, busy people</li><li>Mature content</li></ul> | <ul><li>Time consuming</li> <li>Content maturity</li> <li>College students and proffesionals are constantly sending texts and emails</ul></li> | <ul><li>Make the game interesting to older groups through more mature content and less time consuming game modes </li><li>Promote the social aspect of our app through the use of leaderboards and challenges, as well as incentivise adding friends</ul></li>
Adult Tech Profesionals | <ul><li>Age:  24 - 60</li> <li>Career: Full-time/Part-time employees</li> <li>Typing on mobile devices: Daily</li></ul> | <ul><li>Professionals who are comfortable with typing daily and find it fun to get some ranking on their typing skills.</li>  <li>Professionals who might be uncomfortable with typing but forced to do it by their jobs and need could use the practice.</ul></li> | <ul><li>Provide an app that serves as a fun game with a daily prompt that ranks your typing skills.</li> <li>Provide an app that could be used to practice and get more comfortable with typing on a mobile device.</ul></li>
Elderly Parents | <ul><li>Age: 65+</li> <li>Has at least a child in contact</li> <li>Low Dexterity</li><li>Retired</li> <li>Owns a smartphone/tablet</li> </ul> | <ul><li>May struggle with typing on a small screen when texting with family</li> <li>May have too much time on their hands and needs something to deal with boredom</li></ul> | <ul><li>Offers an outlet to practice with their typing on a mobile device with the prompts</li> <li>Challenging themselves by seeing if they can type the fastest they can for a specific prompt</li></ul>
